# thesis-data-suite

## Synopsis

This repository houses the input files and results generated for my thesis:
Hierarchical Rendering of Many Light Sources. 
The input files are defined for my implementation of several realtime graphic
algorithms, which can be found in the following repository : 
[nTiled](https://github.com/BeardedPlatypus/nTiled_new)  

Furthermore any scripts used to generate all these files can be found here 
too.  


## Motivation

All these files were generated as part of my master thesis for the university 
of Leuven
The thesis and corresponding article can be found in this repository : 
[thesis](https://github.com/BeardedPlatypus/thesis-latex)  

The thesis is written in dutch (due to university requirements), the article
is written in english.

## Scene Suite

The following scenes sets are defined:

### Indoor Spaceship

 [indoor spaceship documentation](https://github.com/BeardedPlatypus/thesis-data-suite/blob/master/scenes/indoor-spaceship/description.md)

The indoor spaceship scenes consist of a set of corridors and junctions. This
models a (simple) average indoor game scene. 
Two scenes differing in size are defined

1. Small: `indoor_small_4x4`: scene consisting off 4 corners connected through 
          4 corridors at each side.
2. Large:

## Results

## Utilities

### Camera
In order to properly export paths to be used with the PathCameraControl in 
`nTiled`, the following two objects were defined.  

1. `scenes/CameraRig.blend`
2. `scripts/camera_path_exporter.py`

The script will act upon the `CameraRig` group defined in `CameraRig.blend`. 
For each frame the up vector, and, eye, and center locations will be calculated
based on the empties defined in `CameraRig`. 

The frames can be controlled with blender's timeline.

### Lights

## Folder Structure

The folders are structured in the following way:

* data
: all generated results
    * raw
    : raw json files generated by nTiled per scene
    * analysis
    : processed results in ipython
* scenes
: all scene input files
    * indoor-spaceship
    : all files related to the indoor-spaceship scene
        * camera
        : camera_path files
        * geometry
        : geometry.json files
        * lights
        : light files
        * obj
        : obj definitions
        * scene-def
        : scene_def.json files
        * src
        : blend source files
* scripts

